to be your partner in life to live
together in a holy union will you love
him will you offer to honor and
as long as the social
and Andy will you have Josh to be your
partner in life to live together in a
holy union will you love him will you
comfort him honor and keep him in
sickness and in health and forsaking all
others be faithful to him as long as you
both shall live I will the Union of Josh
and Andi unites their families and
create a new one they ask for your
blessings will all of you by God's
praise do everything within your power
to uphold these two persons in their
union where will ND and Josh before you
make your values to the other we make
the proclamation of love in my heart to
say what I would I have one verse of
scripture I wish to read to you in the
Gospel of John in the thirteenth chapter
in verse 34 Jesus is speaking and he
says this I give you a new commandment
that you love one another just as I have
lost you you should love one another by
this everyone will know that you are my
disciples if you love one another
religion can be simple as this one
commandment but we tend to make it
complicated marriage is simple and yet
complicated if you will follow through
on the commitments and vows that you are
about to make each agreeing to live in a
loving relationship where you honor God
and that you honor each other and your
love for each other God will bless and
sustain your relationship I ask you now
to join only right hand and make your
vows each to the other
first Josh and
in the name of God I judge thank you
Andy to be my partner in life to have
and to hold from this day forward for
better for worse for richer for poorer
in sickness and in health to love and to
cherish
until we are parted by death this is my
solemn vow in the name of God the name
of God I am be taking Josh I ain't a job
to be my partner in life to be my
partner in life to have and to hold and
hold from this day forward and take
forward for better for worse or better
for for richer for poorer in sickness
and in health in sickness and in health
to love and to cherish without care
until we are parted by Death this is my
solemn vow
these rings serve as visible and outward
signs of inward and spiritual grace they
will signify to all that Josh and Andrew
have been united in Union let us pray
blessed are these rings that Josh and
Andy who give may wear them and they
abide in my peace
living together in unity love and
happiness for the rest of their lives in
the name of the Father and of the Son
and of the Holy Spirit on this and then
I give you this ring as a sign of my vow
with all that I am and all that I have I
honor
in the name of the Father
I give you this ring I give you this
ring as a sign of my vow the sign of my
vow with all that I am with all that I
am and all that I have and all my honor
in the name of the Father and the father
and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit
let us pray loving God in the power of
your Holy Spirit we ask that you unite
these two souls that they may live in
companionship and that they may grow in
grace and discipleship and that their
love for each other and their love for
their family might witness to the
goodness of your love for us in Jesus
the Christ
so bind them together that indeed they
may strengthen and encourage and uphold
each other through the difficult times
of their lives and where it is your
grace god we ask that you would bless
them that they may grow and prosper in
the name of the Father and of the Son
and of the Holy Spirit amen
and then
it happens
now that Josh and Andrew have given
themselves to each other by the giving
of solemn vows by the giving and
receiving a green I announce to you that
they are partners in life in the name of
the Father and of the Son and of the
Holy Spirit those who God has going
together let no one to the Thunder amen
come on please be with you not 70 now
exchange sign of love and a kiss of
peace